Hi, everyone, in this letter, we are going to implement the law board functionality.
All right, so what is Lakeport functionality?
First off, let's go ahead and let's see a crash situation, a situation in which our application crashes.
So if I click on this, click on this and click on this, we can see three cards.
Right?
But this card stays here so we can click as many cards as we want.
Right.
Clearly, this crashes our application.
So we need to whenever two cards are flipped, we need to lock the board until they either they either
are either a match, so they they get disabled or they're not a match and they get flipped.
Until then, we want to lock the board.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's implement that functionality.
But before that, just a little bit of refactoring was left and I forgot to do it in the previous video,
so I'm just going to do it here.
So now this statement is actually not really necessary here.
So if I go ahead and if I go ahead and write return, it is going to do the job of this task statement.
If the condition is if this condition evaluates to true, these two lines of code, they are going to
run.
If it is if it does not evaluate to true, then the then the if statement is going to return and these
lines, they're not going to run.
So this return actually does what the else statement would, did what the statement did.
All right.
So let's come here.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to come down here and I'm going to create a.
Variable, and I'm going to call it Lockbaum Solok board, right?
So initially I'm going to set it to false, right.
So this log board is initially set to false, what I'm going to do is and in case you're wondering,
this is called state management and JavaScript.
All right.
Four different frameworks.
We have different methods of state management, different technologies of state management.
But this is actually what how we do it simply in JavaScript.
All right.
So we we define a state and then we toggle that state.
Right.
So Lakeport is false if the LOC board is true.
For example, if a user wants to click a third card, what do we want to do is we want to grab a relock
board.
That's log board.
OK, if the log board is true now, initially it is false of course, but one, it is true.
We want to return from this from this function.
It means that if the log board is true, none of this function is going to evaluate.
And the user, it means that the user will not be able to click on a third card.
OK, so when do we want to apply this Lockbaum when?
So when is the log true?
We have specified that at start in the beginning, the log board is false.
Right.
So when do we want to apply that?
I'm going to come in here and tell our flip cards function and we are going to apply the log board in
here.
Right.
And the reason for that is whenever we click on the disabled, whenever the user chooses both of the
identical cards or the cards there are similar or they're correct, then the cards are going to get
disabled and a second round draft is going to start.
It means that when this and this, they are a match, then we start over.
Then whenever two cards, they're a match, then we start over.
It means that we end up with two with two selections.
OK, it is when there are not a match, that is excuse me.
It is when they're not a match that we do not want a third selection.
OK, so when they're a match it means that we can go on to the second round.
So this is the second round, but this is not a match.
So until it specifies as a match, we do not want to move forward.
All right.
So putting them inside the disabled cart doesn't actually accomplish anything, because when they're
a match, we do not usually care about whether the board is luck or not.
We are just looking for a match.
When it is a match, then it is a match.
We do not want to log the board because if we lock the board right here, the user will not be able
to go to another round.
So now you can see this and this.
They are a match, but the user will not be able to click on any other card.
So that is not programmed logic as well, so we need to put him inside the envelope, cause what if
they are not a match when they're not a match?
What do we want to do is we want to grab our Lakeport and we want to lock the board, OK?
And.
So initially, we are going to lock it and after 1500 sec and milliseconds, we want to unlock the board.
All right.
And the reason for that is so when the user clicks on two cards, OK, the user should not be able to
click on the third card.
The third card should not flip right until 1500 seconds is passed.
So what does this do?
It is going to grow.
So I'm going to show you here.
So when I click on this and this two.
So this is a match.
It's OK.
The cards are disabled.
So when I click on this, I should not be able to click on a third card until the two cards that I clicked.
They are evaluated.
It means that until this 1500 millisecond time is passed, that's why originally we said they were to
true.
It means that we lock the board.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's comment that out.
So originally this is locked, but when I click on this, this is unlocked.
But now you guys can see I cannot unlock anymore, see.
So I have to go ahead and refresh.
This is this is going to crash urologic logic as well.
I'm going to go over this because I think this might be confusing a little.
This is state management.
This is really cool in JavaScript.
So we talked about how we do not need to lock the board or unlock the board when it when we have disabled
our cards.
So when the cards are disabled, we do not care about that.
That's why we are not going to put it there.
Right.
But it is when the cards are not a match is when we want to lock the board or unlock the board.
So when the cards are in the conflict state, OK, when when we say when we want to run this envelope,
cards function.
First off, we lock the board.
Right.
So when I click on this and I click on this and the second card and if that card is not a match, then
this board is going to get locked down.
So now now these two cards, they were not a match.
Right.
So now technically, the board should be locked.
So now, see, I cannot click on anything because.
And why is that?
Because this if statement has run and this function cannot run anymore and it says return.
This is why if statements they control the flow of logic.
Now, this statement has blocked this flow of this logic, the flow of this logic, because we have
said that when the lock is true return, it means wrap everything up.
We are done here and we know that the Lakeport has a return.
True.
From here, the vault is lock.
There is no way that you can flip the cards anymore.
And this is not something good, right?
This is a bug.
This is an issue with our application.
When the user makes a mistake or I should not call it a mistake, when the user is not able to find
two identical cards, the user should be able to try again without refreshing the page.
So if I refer a refresh the page, we will be able to flip the cards.
But then again, we sent we face the same thing.
This is not a good user experience.
So when we say that the cards are not a match, we should lift that lock, OK, because we want the
user to try again.
That's why we are going to comment.
And the lock board false.
Now, the lock board is false.
It means the board is not locked and this statement does not evaluate to true.
It is false.
So this code is going to run.
If this if this condition is true, there is this function is going to be return.
But if this condition is not true or is false, then this code is going to run right now when the user
cannot find identical cards, the user can try again.
We do not want to take this ability away from the user to try again.
This is why this part is really, really crucial in creating this memory game.
Again, this seems really simple on the surface, but there is actually a lot of moving parts and you
guys can see that whenever we click on two cards, we cannot click.
We did click on the third one, so we cannot click on the third one.
All right.
So if I click on these two, they are a match.
We can move on.
They are not a match.
So you can only.
On the third cart after 1500 milliseconds after this time, because this function takes care of that,
so I hope everything is clear.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.